# Bar swapping
alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4
alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4

alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4
alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4

alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4
alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4

alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4
alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4

alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4
alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4

alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4
alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4

alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4
alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4

alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4
alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4

alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4
alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4

alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4
alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4

alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4
alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4

# Quick flashing
flash_1_beat yellow
flash_1_beat yellow
flash_1_beat yellow
flash_1_beat yellow

alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4
alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4

alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4
alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4

alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4
alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4

alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4
alternate_1_beat yellow_1 yellow_2
alternate_1_beat yellow_3 yellow_4

# Fade death
hold_then_fade_6_beats yellow_strobe
blackout_2_beats
blackout_4_beats
blackout_4_beats

# Quick flashing
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow

quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow

quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow

quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow

quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow

quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow

quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow

quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow

# Strobe flashing
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe

flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe

flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe

flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe

flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe

flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe

flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe

flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe

# Quick flashing (again)
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow

quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow

quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow

quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow

quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow

quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow

quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow

quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow
quick_flash_1_beat yellow

# Strobe flashing (two colors)
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat red_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat red_strobe

flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat red_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat red_strobe

flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat red_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat red_strobe

flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat red_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat red_strobe

flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat red_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat red_strobe

flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat red_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat red_strobe

flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat red_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat red_strobe

flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat red_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat yellow_strobe
flash_hold_long_1_beat red_strobe

hold_then_fade_6_beats red_strobe