# Flash red 8x4 beats
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red

flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red

flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red

flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red
flash_1_beat red

# Flash red 2-1 beat (8 bars)
flash_half_beats red
flash_1_beat red
flash_half_beats red
flash_1_beat red

flash_half_beats red
flash_1_beat red
flash_half_beats red
flash_1_beat red

flash_half_beats red
flash_1_beat red
flash_half_beats red
flash_1_beat red

flash_half_beats red
flash_1_beat red
flash_half_beats red
flash_1_beat red

flash_half_beats red
flash_1_beat red
flash_half_beats red
flash_1_beat red

flash_half_beats red
flash_1_beat red
flash_half_beats red
flash_1_beat red

flash_half_beats red
flash_1_beat red
flash_half_beats red
flash_1_beat red

flash_half_beats red
flash_1_beat red
flash_half_beats red
flash_1_beat red

# Flash red 2x speed
flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red

flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red

flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red

flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red

flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red

flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red

flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red

flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red
flash_half_beats red

# Rainbow runs
rainbow_fade_8_beats red
rainbow_fade_8_beats blue
rainbow_fade_8_beats white